[Outlook](SSO): Remove preview info (#2308)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/authentication.md

- Needs access to the user's mailbox from your server back-end.

> Add-ins obtain callback tokens using one of the [getCallbackTokenAsync](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/outlook/office.mailbox#getcallbacktokenasync-options--callback-) methods. The level of access is controlled by the permissions specified in the add-in manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ins obtain callback tokens using one of the [getCallbackTokenAsync](../reference/objectmodel/requirement-set-1.9/office.context.mailbox.md#methods) methods. The level of access is controlled by the permissions specified in the add-in manifest.
```
